okay how does this boot perform out in
the field well the answer is excellent
in fact as of this video this is the
best adventure touring boot that we sell
we feel that it is superior in terms of
fit comfort function
you know width and certainly protection
and of course waterproofness the - just
about any other boot that we sell and
that includes everything from Garin a
forma CD t CX and some other some other
brands that I probably am NOT listing
the Alpha PI star Rd team really nailed
it on this one they did a great job
why well very simple a lot of plastic a
lot of protection you sacrifice very
very little in terms of comfort one of
our testers bomber park loves his
guarantee balance oils because they are
so comfortable his or older in fact
they're hammered and so they've gotten
very very soft he loves them because of
how comfortable they are we begged and
pushed and finally cajoled him into
testing a pair of these and and he came
back after his first tests and man you
know what I didn't I didn't like them I
I was reluctant to try them but when a
warm out on the bike I was really
surprised at how good they are and we
have his video in support of them you
know just below this one but the two can
in simple terms is the most protective
boot in the category while sacrificing
the least in terms of comfort and and
also weight it's got you know lots of
things that I didn't point out earlier
you know there's a decent amount of of
rigidity in the forefoot but it's still
reasonably easy to bend really ease
reasonably easy to flex it's quite easy
to walk in because a low weight of the
boot it fits many many many caps you
know it can adjust this down for
someone's got skinny calves or out for
someone who either has a large calf or
where as a shin guard the buckle action
is reasonably good it's not great it's
not good as good as a CD buckle or a
guarantee a bottle or for that
the new alpinestars buckle but it works
reasonably well you know the fact that
it's got a welt sole it can be resold
there's gonna be a lot of longevity to
them to the lower structure of the boot
it's gore-tex the waterproof integrity
of it is is also going to be longer than
other non gore-tex boots just in general
they've really nailed it on this as far
as how it feels on the bike you know in
a good way there's not much to talk
about it really doesn't do anything
offensive you don't notice that it's
narrow and the forefoot it doesn't pinch
you it doesn't Bend in a in a foul or
ill-formed way no there's just well it's
fairly lightweight it shifts quite easy
everything about this boot is really
really well executed and refined and so
there's very very little talked about
and how it performs on the motorcycle
because it doesn't do anything wrong but
conversely if you are to to get a
forefoot strike on this it's got lots of
support in the midsole and a good amount
in the toe it's got great ankle support
terrific angle sports actually fairly
slim through the ankle really good
padding inside so to roll your ankle or
even to twist your foot this is this
boot is more protective in the smugglers
you can clamp the shaft of the boot down
which also helps for for twisting
injuries and we're gonna hit that in
another video but just in general you
know they really really nailed it in in
this particular category this is now the
new king and them so that's the the kind
of bottom line we've compared this to
just about everything else out there
that we have there are lots of other
boots that we like in the category
there's lots of other stuff at different
price points it has justification for
for you to look at to consider but if
you ask what the best boot in the
category is at any price
even including some other models that go
up to 550 575 dollars this is it this is
a better boot the Alpinestars tucán
gore-tex boot for adventure touring and
for dual sport and and touring we are
atomic Moto dub-dub-dub tonic - motor
comm home of the Bombers we are a
mission focused on getting you the right
gear for you your bike your type of
riding in some cases your region we are
very hands-on with product we
like to to get it out of the box get it
off the shelf take a look at it
understand how it fits give it to some
of our testers you can see them on the
on the Bombers page on our website and
let them give us their feedback on it
we've got a pair of these out to park
and a pair of these out to two-hopper
and and so we've got two people trying
these out and we've done quite a bit of
a quite a long term test on them and
everything is passed with flying colors
but I digress muscian focused on getting
you the right gear for you your bike
you're kept riding in some cases your
region we're a small shop but we are
really excessive accessible we work very
hard this and we hope to hear from you
if you want to give us a call or send us
an email feel for you to do that thanks
for tuning in